mail_nn01
mail: Payment, tax, tribute, rent. In O.E. also: †agreement, deal (obsolete). mails and duties: the rents of an estate. Cf. blackmail n.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. This word was first recored in 1070

apple_nn01
apple: The round firm fruit (a pome) of any of various wild and cultivated trees of the genus Malus (see sense 4a), occurring in a wide variety of forms, colours, and flavours; esp. any of numerous cultivated kinds produced throughout the temperate zones of both hemispheres, typically having crisp white flesh and green, yellow, or red skin.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as King Alfred. This word was first recored in 895

apple, n., sense II.6a
Sense: "More fully apple of the eye. The pupil of the eye, originally thought to be a solid, spherical body. Occasionally also: the iris and pupil, or the whole eyeball. Now historical." --This sense was first used in the year 895,  , , apple, n., sense II.6a

apple, n., sense II.5a
Sense: "Any of various things resembling an apple in form or colour; spec. = pome n.1 2." --This sense was first used in the year 935,  , , apple, n., sense II.5a

apple, n., sense I.2a
Sense: "Frequently with distinguishing word: any of various fruits (and vegetables), esp. those thought to resemble the apple (sense 1) in some way; any of the plants producing such a fruit (or vegetable)." --This sense was first used in the year 935,  , , apple, n., sense I.2a

mail_nn01
mail: Payment, tax, tribute, rent. In O.E. also: †agreement, deal (obsolete). mails and duties: the rents of an estate. Cf. blackmail n.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. This word was first recored in 1070

mail_vb01
mail: transitive. To tie or wrap up (goods, a parcel, etc.); to envelop. Also figurative and with up. Obsolete.Verb.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as N. S. B. Gras. This word was first recored in 1228

mail_nn02
mail: A person, vehicle, or train that carries the mail or postal matter; often short for mail coach, train, van, etc. Also (chiefly North American and Australian): the system of conveyance and delivery of letters, etc., by post (also in plural); the official organization responsible for this activity in a particular country; the post.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Layamon. This word was first recored in 1275

mail_nn03
mail: Armour composed of interlaced rings or chain-work or of overlapping plates fastened upon a groundwork. coat of mail: see coat n. 5.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Guy of Warwick. This word was first recored in 1330

mail_vb02
mail: transitive. To rent, pay rent for.Verb.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Acts of Parliament of Scotland. This word was first recored in 1425

mail_nn04
mail: A small coin, normally a half denomination; (spec. in 14th-cent. England) a silver halfpenny. Also figurative.Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Osbern Bokenham. This word was first recored in 1447

mail_vb03
mail: transitive. To make (a piece of armour) out of mail. Obsolete.Verb.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Archiv fur das Studium der Neueren Sprachen. This word was first recored in 1449

mail_nn05
mail: The game of pall-mall; a place where the game was played. Hence: a public promenade bordered by trees; the Mail: the Mall in St James's Park, London (see mall n.1).Noun.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as John Evelyn. This word was first recored in 1660

mail_vb04
mail: transitive. To spot, stain, discolour.Verb.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as William Nicolson. This word was first recored in 1677

mail_vb05
mail: transitive. Originally U.S. To send by post, to post. Also with in, off, out.Verb.  Listed as a main definition. The original source of this word is listed as Laws & Regulations Post Office (U.S.). This word was first recored in 1827

